so after the death of jmo we saw lamar
take a charge of the 12th street boys
the family is actually alive and he'll
definitely be back at some point we saw
them all working the refined angle on
monique just like slick told him to do
and this put mitch out with her and his
family he's been kicked out of the house
and he's got nowhere else to go but
that's not his only problem because as
he solves one with pat another one pops
up with b mickey cato and lamar as well
and towards the end of this episode we
found our lamar is the one who terry
thinks was behind the shooting so terry
thinks anyway but we don't know exactly
for sure because there's also the issue
with bbk and a lot of people actually
think it could have even been b miki
himself but hopefully something we find
out at some point this season and we
also got our first look at pastor swift
snoop dogg for the first time on bmf but
we're gonna go through all things
episode 3 in this review and recap but
of course if you're new to the channel
and you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscriber and you
shouldn't see everything bmf and power
universe related but this episode kicked
off with big meech telling us that they
come from a god-fearing household the
bible in their living room was always
open on the same verse we was just poor
as [ __ ] which was caused by all this
other drama and they were definitely a
poor family we saw in the first episode
when terry opened the fridge and there
was no food inside and where he had to
boil water just to wash himself and in
this episode it was the same case where
mitch opened the fridge they had nothing
and when they broke lucille's china they
got their asses warped together but
they've always rolled together that's
how it was win or lose as we saw
throughout this episode with terry
pushing beach to get in on the business
50 50. but as we come to the present day
pat pulls up on beach and his car is
wrapped as if he's ready to just drop a
body a scare tactic to show meech that
he's not playing he wants his money in
six days otherwise he was gonna make it
rain on him he didn't care about his
personal problems with t being shot
because he calls personal problems
excuses and he still wants his money
regardless but this is where me starts
to have hallucinations of jmo something
out of a horror movie he's seeing jmo's
bloody face and one way to understand
hallucinations is if someone's been in
your life and being a presence in your
life someone of significance your brain
actually gets used to predicting them
which is actually from the book
consciousness and cognition and this
gives a deeper understanding of
hallucinations and how the brain thinks
and why people have them are specific
moments but he's given six days to
produce pat's money and he knows it's a
push for me to do especially with his
situation and all the territory that
he's just lost to the 12th street boys
over the last two episodes already but
this is how pat keeps his foot on their
neck under him and we all know mitch and
terry have ambitions of surpassing pat
and working on their own but pat will
definitely want to keep putting pressure
on them to keep them under his thumb so
meech and terry were gonna have to come
up with something new to sell their
product because they were finding it
tough to sell as it is he gave his crew
an incentive with his rolex but with b
mickey he said he was gonna handle [ __ ]
but miesha didn't like the way he was
speaking to him and there is definitely
some issues between the two just like i
mentioned in my recap of the first
episode there's going to be issues
between be mickey and meech because
bimiki is someone who wants to make
decisions for himself and do [ __ ] on his
own just like our terry and meech want
to get out from under pat's thumb he
even starts to question mitch's decision
making with the food truck idea and i've
been reading a lot of comments over the
past few days and some people even think
that bee mickey was the one behind
shooting terry because of how eager he
is to make decisions and run his own
[ __ ] the way he wants but i don't think
he's been miki personally like he said
they have their issues i don't think
he'd go as far as to shooting terry but
who knows but meech comes up with a food
truck idea with the help of fonzo's
truck where they start selling their
special stone burgers which is of course
their crack which helps them get out of
this tight jump that they were in with
pat a tight spot which was made even
worse when they were at the strip club
and pat rolled up on them telling them
that they've even got less time
especially if they're up enjoying
themselves spending their money but
miesh did manage to make the money for
pat but one thing you don't do is hit
your own product which we saw when
miesha eventually did deliver his money
to pat later on in this episode he was
high off his own [ __ ] which actually
took meech by surprise and would
probably make him start to question the
person who taught in the game we always
talk about the students surpassing the
teacher and they really started to build
this story with pat and meech now but
let's talk about pastor swift who's
played by snoop dogg he's a spiritual
advisor to the flannery family he's the
man of the word with the aura of an
ex-con who believes in the power of the
lord he helps the family welcome terry
holm and pastor swift eventually
integrates himself into every aspect of
the flindery life helping the family
find a lawyer and becoming a confidant
and as the season goes on charles won't
like the fact that how much influence
and how much involved pastor swift
becomes with the family causing even
more issues which i'm sure they don't
need especially after this episode but
we probably will see pastor swift most
likely introduce him to his niece who'll
take on his case with regards to his
botched eye surgery but we see mitch get
his key taken away by charles but it was
actually charged who gave his key and
left the house later on in this episode
when he found out that meech paid for
the mortgage something that lucille knew
about after she spoke to meech but
didn't tell charles and he's the man of
principle and the man of god just like
the opening quote told us that the bible
was always open in their living room and
he was always against taking meech's
dirty money from the outset he was never
going to change his mind but mitch was
there to protect his family and he
wanted to help them in any way he could
so he did he paid for the mortgage
without even telling them which is going
to cause further cracks in what's
already a fractious relationship
especially because charles isn't stupid
he knows that wonder never got no
mercedes from her uncle and that terry
could be involved in mitch's drug
business and it's just a matter of when
he finds out not if and what the
consequences are going to be because
terry is charged with star boy but let's
go through all things lamar and what we
saw from him in this episode and i went
through how him being in a mental health
facility didn't exactly help him because
he was already mentally ill before he
went in which the showrunner gave us a
bit more background on but with jmo
missing and flamel being beaten to an
inch of his life this is where lamar
takes over the 12th street boys but with
lamel being alive this is definitely a
problem for lamar there is no way he's
just gonna get into his car and leave
him and jmo go way back they grew up
together as kids and he was next in
command and with jmo's death he'd
probably be the leader of the 12th
street boys he knows that lamar had
something to do with jmo disappearing so
he'll definitely be back at some point
to try and get revenge and take back
what's his but just look at how scared
the man looks when he saw lamar behind
the balloons and this was a crazy side
to lamar you saw the fear in his eyes
but do you think we'll see flamel versus
lamar again at some point but lamar told
the 12th street boys that he wanted to
take everything from the 50 boys once
their pockets were full first they were
going to [ __ ] their business then
they were going to take over as they're
struggling and that's when they were
going to snap them and one way that
lamar is planning to hit the 50 boys is
from the inside with cato's help she's
ambitious and she wants to claim the
ranks of their organization just like
she told b mickey but they all started
to trust her a little more by sending
her to one of the stash houses in the
last episode and she tells them that
they're just beginning to trust her but
le mans wants to know everything who's
holding where they're keeping their
product and where they're keeping their
money and we don't actually know what
kato told them are apart from that
there's issues between meech and b
mickey and keto working for lamar is a
big issue for meech because this is the
last thing he needs as they're
struggling already with the territory
that was taken by the 12th street boys
they've got issues with detective brian
who won't be able to hurt them as much
because they've got a new chief in
charge and lopez is sniffing around on
jmo's disappearance he's also got the
issues with his own crew with b mickey
and miesha's got nowhere else to go
because lamar is now back in with
monique and he's also now in control of
the 12th street boys now there is no way
michi is going to back down and there's
no way lamar will back down and they're
going to clash again that's for sure
this is just the beginning of the war
between the 12th street and the 50 boys
but female is definitely going to have a
huge part to play in my opinion i can't
see him riding off and disappearing
he'll definitely be back and if and when
he does return who will the 12th street
boys follow lamar or flamel but that was
episode 3 which was very much a big
story building and a character
development episode which i think was
needed after very good first two
episodes of action because there's a
long story there telling with bmf with
characters such as lamar b miki and kato
of course there's meech and terry as
well but they're building up a lot of
story because this is going to be a long
series but let me know what you guys
thought of episode 3 down below in the
comment section i want to know what you
guys think between the issue between
mitch and bimiki and what you think will
happen between the two and of course let
me know your thoughts on lamar vs meech
as well and how they're building up the
story between the 12th street boys
versus the 50 boys so drop all your
thoughts down below and of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already then remember to
smash the subscribe button you shouldn't
see everything bmf and power universe
related but as always thank you guys for
watching and i'll see you
next time